time to make one of my all-time favorite
lunches it's crispy it's fresh and
delicious and everyone loves it let's
make sand Caesar salad on the one pot
chef first things first I'm just making
a boiled egg now you've seen me make
boiled eggs before in the past but
basically we're just going to boil the
egg for about six to seven minutes until
it's hard-boiled let it cool off peel
off the shell and then dice it up into
little pieces
I'm also cooking up some bacon I'm just
using some short rivals bacon which I've
just chopped up we're just going to fry
this up until it's nice and crispy next
I'm making some croutons now
traditionally croutons are little cubes
of bread which are deep fried I'm doing
a slight variation on this because I
don't like to deep fry bread I find it
really greasing oily so I'm just going
to bake them I'm going to spray them
with a little bit of cooking spray then
place them into an oven 180 degrees
Celsius for about five to ten minutes or
until they're nice and golden toasted
then we'll be ready to move on croutons
are looking golden and gorgeous so let's
just leave those aside for the moment
while we work on our salad dressing to
make our Caesar salad dressing first
we've got half a cup of whole egg
mayonnaise and to that I'm adding in one
teaspoon of crushed garlic about one
clove I'm cheating and using the stuff
out of the jar don't judge me I'm also
adding in two anchovy Phillips which
I've just chopped up nicely now you
don't have to put the anchovies in but
it is kind of what gives this the
traditional Caesar salad flavor so try
to use it don't be put off by the agent
and I'm also adding in two tablespoons
of freshly squeezed lemon juice and just
mix that all up to combine I think we're
about ready to combine everything
together and make our Caesar salad in my
big salad bowl I've got one large cause
letters which I've just roughly torn up
please note this serves about four or
five people so this isn't just one
serving so into that I'm going to add in
our croutons
bacon diced boiled egg little bit of
shaved parmesan cheese just over the top
and last but not least we're just going
to drizzle over the dressing and that's
that
absolutely gorgeous smelling the taste
is going to be fantastic I can't wait to
just quickly dive in mm-hmm dressing is
gorgeous your parmesan and crispy
lettuce what more could you want
well I hope you enjoyed this recipe
check out my other videos at 1pachi a
calm and until next time see you later